refacto: remove buf state and api (#89)
nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter: README.md

You can find the roadmap [here](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter/projects/1).
The roadmap and all features of this plugin are open to change, and any suggestion will be highly appreciated!

## Utils

you can get some utility functions with
```lua
local ts_utils = require 'nvim-treesitter.ts_utils'
```

> More information is available in neovim documentation (`:help nvim-treesitter-utils`).

Reviewer: I am a little bothered with this line...
```suggestion
More information is available in the help file (`:help nvim-treesitter-utils`).
```
